March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/ceitec-mu.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (CEITEC MU)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at CEITEC MU'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at CEITEC MU, Czechia'
```
